Sometimes I wish I was a cloud... Just floating along, going wherever the breeze takes me.

It's not because I'm lazy, it's just because I don't care.

Laziness is the mother of all bad habits, but ultimately she is a mother and we should respect her.

Those Who Do Not Understand True Pain Can Never Understand True Peace.

If you don’t share someone’s pain, you can never understand them.

Those Who Break The Rules Are Scum... But, Those Who Abandon Their Friends Are Worse Than Scum.

The concept of hope is nothing more than giving up. A word that holds no true meaning.

Wake up to reality! Nothing ever goes as planned in this world. The longer you live, the more you realize that in this reality only pain, suffering and futility exist.

Rejection is a part of any man’s life. If you can’t accept and move past rejection, or at least use it as writing material – you’re not a real man.

I love a women, but I will not force her to love me....I will surround her with my love , while I pray for her happiness.

A smile is the best way to get oneself out of a tight spot, even if it is a fake one. Surprisingly enough, everyone takes it at face value

Knowledge and awareness are vague, and perhaps better called illusions. Everyone lives within their own subjective interpretation.

It is not wise to judge others based on your own preconceptions and by their appearances.

Learning is a another name of vanity, It is the effort of human beings not to be human beings.

People Exist To Save Themselves. You Will Understand That At The Moment Of Your Death.

No One Can Fully Grasp Another Person's Deepest Emotions. It's Impossible. Only You Can Understand What You're Feeling. But Generally Speaking, I Can Tell You This. Most People Tend To Cry When Their Father Dies.

Tell me dazai why is it you wish to die? Let’s turn that question around , is there really any value to this thing we call living?

People become stronger because they have memories they can’t forget.

Why should I apologize for being a monster? Has anyone ever apologized for turning me into one?

We don’t have to know what tomorrow holds! That’s why we can live for everything we’re worth today!”

It’s just pathetic to give up on something before you even give it a shot.”

If you don’t like your destiny, don’t accept it.

A place where someone still thinks about you is a place you can call home.

Power comes in response to a need, not a desire. You have to create that need.

Don’t beg for things. Do it yourself, or else you won’t get anything.

Everything has a beginning and an end. Life is just a cycle of starts and stops. There are ends we d...
